Add a tutorial some more general context to the README. (#155)
glotzerlab/coxeter: README.rst

The **coxeter** Python library provides tools for working with common geometric objects in two and three dimensions.
Named for the `20th century geometer <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Harold_Scott_MacDonald_Coxeter>`__ best known for his work on polytopes, **coxeter** is especially focused on polygons and polyhedra, but it also support various standard curved shapes such as spheres and ellipsoids.

The package emphasizes working with shapes as mutable objects whose geometric attributes may be accessed using property-based APIs.

> Since **coxeter** originally arose to support representations of anisotropic nanoparticles, many shapes support calculations of physical properties (such as form factors and inerita tensors) in addition to purely geometric ones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since **coxeter** originally arose to support representations of anisotropic nanoparticles, many shapes support calculations of physical properties (such as form factors and inertia tensors) in addition to purely geometric ones.
```

However, the package is designed with more general audiences in mind as well, and it aims to support precise calculations of a wide range of geometric quantities that are useful in a number of fields.

Some core features of **coxeter** include:

* Libraries of common shapes to support easy construction.
* Mutable shape objects that can be rescaled in a variety of ways to suit a number of needs.
* Immediate access to geometric properties of shapes via Python properties of shape objects.
* Plotting functionality to make it easy to visualize shapes in both two and three dimensions.

> More detailed information on **coxeter**'s features and examples of how to use them may be found in the `documentation <http://coxeter.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More detailed information on **coxeter**'s features and examples of how to use them may be found in the `documentation <https://coxeter.readthedocs.io/>`__.
```
